1 Objective of Project on Car Parking System:
   
	The main objective of the Project on Car Parking System is to manage the details of Car, Parking, Parking Space, Parking Slot, Parking Area. It manages all the information about Car, Parking Fees, Parking Area, Car. The project is totally built at administrative end and thus only the administrator is guaranteed the access. 
        The purpose of the project is to build an application program to reduce the manual work for managing the Car, Parking, Parking Fees, Parking Space. It tracks all the details about the Parking Space, Parking Slot, Parking Area.

2.Functionalities provided by Car Parking System are as follows:
		
   I. Provides the searching facilities based on various factors. Such as Car, Parking Space, Parking Slot, Parking Area.
  II. Car Parking System also manage the Parking Fees details online for Parking Slot details, Parking Area details, Car.
 III. It tracks all the information of Parking, Parking Fees, Parking Slot etc.
  IV. Manage the information of Parking.
   V. Shows the information and description of the Car, Parking Space.
  VI. To increase efficiency of managing the Car, Parking.
 VII. It deals with monitoring the information and transactions of Parking Slot.
VIII. Manage the information of Car.

3.REQUIREMENTS
 
  1 FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS

   I: Admin must be able to Define new parking areas, specify a range of parking lots, the parking cost per minute/hour, and    
      other details. 
  II: Admin must be able to update data of existing parking areas.
 III: Admin must be able to view the information of all registered parking areas.
  IV: The parking operator must be able to Send the vehicle plate number and reservation password to a central server for  	verification once users check in.
   V: parking operator must be able to Issue bills to users on checkout.
  VI: User must be able to Register for the service and enter personal and vehicle details.
 VII: User must be able to find a parking area from the list of areas, registered by parking admins.
VIII: User must be able to view the details of a selected parking area such as the name, worth per minute, number of total 	available lots.
  IX: The user must be able to Reserve an obtainable parking space and specify the duration of the reservation.
   X: Backend management system must be able to Authenticate users and admins before updating any sensitive information.
  XI: Backend management system must be able to Accept reservation of parking lots based on availability.


 2 NON FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

   I: Parking overview should have data displayed in real time.
  II: Booking should take place no more than 15 seconds.
 III: An email confirmation about successful booking should come in less than 5 minutes.
  IV: User should be notified upon unsuccessful booking of a parking slot.
   V: System should not stale if accessed by multiple users.
  VI: System should not allow the booking of the same parking slot by multiple users at the same time.
 VII: System should not allow the booking of parking slots which are occupied (not booked).
VIII: User should see the parking occupancy data on the map in real time.
  IX: User should not be allowed to see any data until logged in.
   X: User should see unresponsive parking slots as occupied.





